Siri what's the best Asian dessert like
a pastry
copia yes that's what I'm gonna get
still warm yeah purple inside conjecture
is starchy kinda like a potato and very
sweet doesn't taste purple at all I
don't know what it tastes like but
doesn't taste purple well-done
Philippines well done patbingsoo
by saying that wrong but my Korean song
a logic I see a red bean ice mochi I see
banana
I see manga ices strawberry and I bet
they're shaved ice under there well look
if there you are - hashtag Asian desert
Heritage Month and you think that you're
just eating fruit and ice so it's good
for you but the truth is it's covered in
sugar and this is totally just awesome
but when things are in bowls and they
give you spoons it's really hard to stop
eating so comments are coming in on my
Facebook and my cousin who is trying to
use them suggested I go get which is a
Chinese egg tart and I think that's a
brilliant idea
today I'm focused on one thing in that
is that pop and egg tart
I grew up eating these quite regularly
almost every weekend in my life and my
mom used to actually toast them in the
toaster oven and it would get quite this
foil would get quite hot and then I
would eat it out with a spoon
this cost sixty cents which i think is a
pretty good deal it actually cost more
just sit at this meter and eat this
sunshine wasn't windy ladu ladu our
ball-shaped sweets popular in india
they're often served at very religious
and festive occasions made of chickpea
it's vegan and I'm gonna eat it very
fragrant the word I just said was free
right the texture is kind of like back
together really tight there's something
perfumey about it you either like you
don't sticky rice with taro inside this
is the last dessert of the day sticky
rice it's very similar to our first
treat the full moons Lubeck i love it
when a root vegetable is sweet it feels
like a meal because it's rice and it's
on a fourth
I hate to say this
and it's Korea Korea is a winner
the patbingsoo just had all these
different elements it was cold and it
was sweet and it had fruits and it was
creamy and stop eating it growing up
when I thought of Asian food dessert was
definitely not the first thing I thought
of and it should be because it's frickin
delicious so in a way all the countries
wanted a yeah we all won because we all
got to eat dessert and we all learned a
valuable lesson that we should be eating
more dessert when we go into our Asian
restaurants